The results have been tallied. We will now present the team divisions.
I went with Team A. First game, we're up against Team B.
Who will I play with? Who will I play against? We only get this one match.
For us nobodies, this is our final ticket to become someone. We can't waste it.
We're at the perfect spot, so don't get in our way.
It's getting intense, it's following my heart.
While choosing a route without a destination,
Someone was looking down at the drama's flower.
I'll drink it up to the top, and the game you're trying to play.
It's a ticket to the Manasashika, where the flames are burning.
I'm already feeling the heat of the
There will be five matches in total.
Between each of them, a six-hour interval will be observed.
To ensure fairness, watching the other teams
matches will be prohibited. No exceptions.
The first match will be Team A1 versus Team B1.
The remaining six players will be chosen at random.
Team A's first player is Nijirou Nanase.
Yes, sir.
Their second player is Yoh Hiyori.
Well, what do you know?
And their third player is Yoichi Isagi.
Great!
You flinch so hard!
Right off the bat, I'm in the first game?
Next up, Team B. The following individuals will play.
Now, to find out who we're up against.
First player, Kyohei Shiguma.
Second player, Kairu Saramandana.
Were those two giants even made on this planet?
It's a real-life golem and predator.
And their third player is...
Kyohei Shiguma.
Okay.
Shiguri.
That'll be tough.
Familiar foes facing off once again.
Both teams, please put on these kits and head to your respective gates.
I have to stay focused on one thing.
my presence known to the top six.
It's like Ego said,
in these tryouts,
even my teammates are my rivals.
Man, I'm so freaking giddy.
Did you just say giddy?
Sure did. And I mean giddy up.
It's finally our time to shine.
We play well here, we're the new U20s.
Sorry, my bad.
Where I come from, we use the word giddy
to mean that we're all excited and stuff.
I'm Nanase, a first year.
I'm Isegi, a second year.
Guess we're teammates?
You must know lots,
being a year older and all.
I'll learn everything I can from you
while staying out of the way.
Sure.
I'm also a second year.
Name's Hiyori.
A pleasure.
You've got a Kansai accent.
Sure, Kyoto.
If you're from Kyoto,
you must be all gentle-like.
Think you mean refined?
I don't know if I've ever been accused of either.
Whoopsie-doo, my guy.
You're good.
Hold on.
What is this?
A sense of unity?
It feels so refreshing.
Knock off, donkey.
You're dead.
There hasn't been a lot of that so far.
This is a team I feel completely in line with.
You said it.
I can't say why, but the chemistry feels good.
Let's promise whatever happens remains the same.
I'm sure you'll be happy.
I can't say why, but the chemistry feels good.
What's promise?
Whatever happens from here on out, no hard feeling!
cockpit
gate.
Hey.
Why?
Someone order a kid's meal?
Because your small fries just got here.
Let's see, Sige.
Oh, you know each other?
Kinda. We're former teammates.
Real nice to meet ya!
Oh, uh...
It's not personal, trust me. That's just how he is.
Here they come.
Team B.
You play defense. Leave the scoring to us.
Don't you think that kind of goes without saying?
Hmm. It all depends on the flow of the match.
Let's do this.
Be irreplaceable.
The key to acing the tryouts is assertion and coexistence.
I have to give this one match everything I've got.
I'll show them what I'm worth.
This is a five-on-five match.
First to five goals wins.
We will now begin the final assignment.
First up, Team A1 versus Team B1.
Time to blow this field up.
Whoever shot up...
...is a blonde cockroach.
Keep up!
I need to assert myself no matter what.
I have to find a way to fit into Rin and Shido's attack patterns.
There's nobody here who can stop me!
License and registration, please.
You're the one who was speeding!
Incredible.
He's fast enough to hinder Shido's aggressive dribbling.
He's also quick.
No wonder they made it this far.
Based on what I'm seeing, I should move up in support.
I'm wide open, Shido!
Well, aren't you the considerate one, newbie?
This is good.
I can't misjudge how to enter this game.
I have to show what my eyes can do and go wherever they lead me.
Do you, Rin?
I'm gonna draw out your talent.
That's how I can assert myself!
It needs preferred distance and timing.
If he and I can coexist...
...they won't be able to stop us on their first try.
Right there.
The final line.
The last bastardine!
So he can break out!
You think I can't read your minds by now, idiot?
Shigori!
He won't let me get past him that easy.
Clear it!
I'm stopping this wave.
My ball.
Shido.
No.
Half just now.
But from his position, he's going to be surrounded.
I can predict that development.
That future.
I've got to hook up with him.
So if I can get myself there...
And he passes the ball to me!
Found it!
Yes!
Whoa.
A no-look backheel shot?
No way.
He can score from any position.
Every cell in my body is multiplying.
Scoring's biological.
It's science.
Then again, his unbelievable physical ability was enough to push Kunigami out of blue lock.
Boom, baby, boom.
So this is his style.
How number two Ryusei Shido plays soccer.
Subpar on defense and overall play.
His physical abilities are totally different from his physical abilities.
His physical abilities are totally focused on scoring goals.
All righty, data entered.
I figured out antenna boy, more or less.
Well, guess it's about time for some output.
I'm not selling myself well.
I've got to get the ball and try again.
Is he looking to make a pass?
I can steal it.
The ball's too far away.
Now's my chance.
Was he playing me just now?
Dingus, sorry.
But something you're going to find out real fast is I only take challenges I'm guaranteed
to win.
He's solid as a rock.
Target an opponent's weakness, not his strength.
That's how you increase your odds of winning.
It's the ironclad rule to follow if you want to come out on top.
Don't you realize that if the A team has a weak link, you're it?
Surrounder's skill is the key.
I'm going to get him.
You're it.
Surround yourself with talent, and you'll level up to match him.
But when you're on your own, you're average at best.
I'm going to massacre your entire team, starting with you.
What are you two punks gossiping about?
Care to share?
Listen, better treat that wound before it festers.
Damn it.
The two of us can steal the ball.
Hey, that's a pretty sweet technique.
He used all those stepovers to throw us off balance.
He kept us guessing.
This is how Tabito Karasu, third best at blue lock, plays soccer.
Actually leave that wound open.
After all, I've got plenty of salt I want to rub in it.
This guy, he's a villain.
Caw-caw.
Loving what I'm seeing, crow boy.
I'm going to get you.
Tabito Karasu, the assassin.
Once he's identified your weaknesses using his super-sharp analysis, he'll just keep
on coming for you again and again until you're down and out.
Looks like he's got his sights on you.
Tough luck, man.
You seem to know a lot about him.
Yeah.
Karasu and I, we were on the same youth team in Kansai.
So I've got just one piece of advice for you.
Allow him to attack your weaknesses.
T-Tabito.
No.
If you're going to push through, it'll be with your strengths.
He's right.
It's not like I'll overcome my shortcomings mid-game.
What tools do I have?
My spatial awareness.
Off-the-ball movement.
And my direct shot.
I have to fight using those weapons.
Things are getting interesting now.
Whatever.
Huh?
I'm going with the same pattern he's the key!
You're going to rely on me and Rin passing to keep scoring goals yourself!
I knew you'd be here, Karasu.
He got there fast.
He's keeping pace with me and blocking my route to Rin.
I'll have to force open a new passing lane to him!
Not this crap!
If he wedges himself between me and the ball!
I told you, didn't I?
On your own.
You're average and don't bring anything to the table!
I see it! What he's been doing this whole time!
He measures the distance to his opponent, then blocks them from moving!
The crux of Karasu's plays!
Holding off his opponent to control the distance!
Your mediocrity's holding everyone back, Yoichi Isugi!
I'll help cover you!
Let's murder this crow with a three-on-one.
This'll work! Crush him and steal the ball back!
There he goes, sneaking.
On tippy-toe.
Like a ninja.
Oh, hell!
Heads up!
Rin!
Hold it.
When did he get behind me?
Ninja step.
He left Rin in the dust?
He got Karasu to keep the ball and draw them in.
Then he seized the chance to score a goal.
A true shadow striker.
This is how number four plays.
He plays soccer.
Otoya.
A.K.A. the Ninja.
He really is.
It's in his bloodline.
Oh, shit! These freaks have some crazy specs!
You're a second late, Dingus.
Shut up. You're the one who should be adjusting to me.
The destructive power of this pair is no joke.
Those two made it through the second selection on the same team,
so their combo attacks are some of the best at Blue Lock.
Tch.
Mutton lukewarm runs.
You ready, Rin?
Just try it.
Karasu's blocking the route to me.
That's why I'm removed from the equation?
Adjust to me.
Sure thing. Just give me something.
The one-two passing I was doing.
He copied it after seeing it once?
Hiyori's passing.
It's absolutely incredible.
Big bro's a genius. Can little bro keep up?
Too slow again.
Over here, number one!
Back up, antenna boy. I'm gonna stop you.
Go, go, go!
Huh?
It ain't exploited Shido's movement.
And waited until the goalie's view was obstructed.
Then made a blind shot.
Not bad, huh?
Rin Itoshi's legit.
Guy's on another level.
It's no use.
No matter how hard I try, I can't get into this game.
Karasu crushes me when I'm on my own.
On top of that,
Rin and Shido score fine without my help.
At this rate, I'm not going to contribute anything.
I need to find a way to shake Karasu off
and make myself a part of their attack patterns.
I've got to show my presence.
How can I prove my worth before the match is over?
Yeah, I bet Iisaki is thinking the same thing as me.
The truth is, other than the top six players,
no one has justified their existence,
including me.
All we've proven so far is what pawns that can be easily replaced.
Even if I try forcing things,
I'll end up spinning my wheels and making myself bait.
You probably don't want to face off with number one.
Shut up. I'll do what I want.
Don't expect me to pass to you, then.
And I'll never ask you to.
All right.
Can't worry about the big picture right now.
Just got to focus on what I can do in the moment.
THE BIG PICTURE
You want me, number two?
Even if I try to move between them,
he won't pass to me unless I show I'm more agile than Otaya.
I have to find a way to survive,
which means avoiding the center field where it's congested.
THE BIG PICTURE
I'll go right instead.
When I've got space to run,
my legs can kick it into high gear, reaching their top speed.
I'm beginning to realize I don't need to adjust to their attacks.
Never did.
I'll pry this field open with my own weapon.
Here I come.
Accelerate!
Might have to push him over.
Over here, Karasu. Look at me.
I'll stop him!
THE BIG PICTURE
You've got these legs. Don't you want to use them?
Not half bad, Red.
Here's your chance.
Karasu?
Got it.
Not so fast, Redhead.
THE BIG PICTURE
This finds your mark, huh, Ninja Dude?
Right now, this is my only option.
THE BIG PICTURE
That speed of yours...
hypes me up.
THE BIG PICTURE
Hell yeah!
I understand.
Chigiri stepped up and showed them a new possibility for their attack pattern,
forcing them to acknowledge him.
Nice cross, Lady Ninja.
You do realize I'm a guy, right?
Turns out this one's useful.
You're right.
I'm a guy, too.
So that's assertion and coexistence.
For those of us outside the top six, it's the only way to survive.
THE BIG PICTURE
The Big PicTure
Crap! Rin's not even considering using me!
THE BIG PICTURE
The Big PicTure
Hiyori?
While assessing the situation, he's calmly passing it around with Rin.
THE BIG PICTURE
He wants this.
He's desperate to get involved in the game,
and will do whatever he can.
In that case, I should do the same.
I've got to position myself in front of the goal
and wait for a chance to hit my direct shot!
Yeah, right, Mr. Average.
Karasu, fine. I'll cut through your blind spot.
Off the ball!
I thought I wouldn't read that.
Damn it! I'm not done yet!
Front of the goal? So right there.
THE BIG PICTURE
Here it comes. The perfect trajectory.
No, wait.
Another pass to Rin?
Hands off!
That's mine.
Not you.
THE BIG PICTURE
Shiro!
What the hell are you doing?
Got it! Push up! Counter-Utaya!
The Big PicTure
Short ball to Karasu?
There's no straight man in your double act?
THE BIG PICTURE
Then I'll have to deliver the punchline.
Aw, hell.
They're close to winning.
THE BIG PICTURE
This is bad.
Those two. Why did they crash into each other?
Rin reads the field and arrives at the optimal course of action.
Shiro relies on instinct to make the perfect choice.
They got the same answer,
but their processes were too different for them to link up.
That should have been my shot!
Antenna Berserker!
Bottom line, last check!
These are the top two players.
Are they the least compatible?
No.
Wait.
THE BIG PICTURE
THE B 이렇게
THAT!
KATHY IS CAM시다i
YEHE!
TEI on both hands!
I'M ON my feet!
UNLURKIN'S landlords
EP fools
I don't think I'll disappear even if I try.
In my overflowing feelings,
I'm only yearning for one thing.
One dream, that's all I have.
One day, I'm just looking at one place.
I can't go back to those days, even now.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Just one, just one, yeah.
Just one, just one.
Huh?
Did you?
Me too.
Are we all thinking the same thing?
Uh huh.
Aren't we three silly geese?
Behold the gentle parallel world!
I know we've only played together in one match,
but good work out there.
Warriors who seek the flow of battle will be victorious.
I am a Surfer.
Finding the flow is how I survive.
Jeez.
My predator head might as well be talking in an alien language.
Then I have the golem over here.
Nice playing.
I shouldn't talk to suspicious people.
Gran Gran told me so.
He's just a rude grandma's boy!
I'll be the big wave.
These guys are impossible.
Behold the incompatible parallel world.
Obviously I can create the best chemical reactions on Team A with Reimu Itoshi.
That was never in question.
Furthermore, depending on the other two names picked,
and if they were equally concerned with aesthetics,
I could have shined like a diamond on Team Super Glam.
Alas, they're not.
Tanaka Shingen.
Gotta take a whiz.
So very unglam.
Junichi Wanima.
Grooming complete!
His idea of beauty sickens, moi.
Gurimu Igarashi.
Namushan soccer time!
As a life form, he leaves much to be desired.
Lord.
If I'm against beauty,
did I commit for me to team up with these three totally glam-less rubes?
Look!
You believe this thing came out of my nose?
Biggest booger in the world!
NABUWAMI DOUBLE UP!
Yeah, boy!